valve/email-sniper.md, before:

Dear Valve,

I'm writing to apply for the position of *Senior Software Engineer—Web Applications*. I don't want to take up much of your time, but here's an interesting message sent by someone I believe you are familiar with before his *untimely*... accident. Right, accident.

> Dear [REDACTED],
>
> I'm breaking my normal rules of discretion to warn you about Nizar Khalife Iglesias. Some say he's just a ghost, but he's bloody real alright. Trust me, mate, this man is good and you don't want to mess with him. You haven't seen the things he can do with a keyboard, an Internet connection and a standard issue wire hanger. I've seen him code for days on end, waiting patiently for hours — even days — for the perfect time to deploy his handywork. His Jarate skills are most impressive. Lucky for me he's not in the assassination business or I would be out a job right quick or worse...
>
> Did you hear that? I think it was him. Prank mailer! PRANK MAILER!
>
> —Sniper

Anyway, I do browser, server and command-line progamming in `JavaScript`/`node.js` (my favorite), `PHP` and `Python`. I've been writing software professionally to varying degrees for 7 years, of which the last 3 have been particularly intensive. Here are some links where you can find out more about who I am and what I do. Hire me!

LINKS

### Notes for reviewers ###

Sniper is a character in Team Fortress 2:

- http://www.teamfortress.com/classes.php?class=sniper
- http://www.teamfortress.com/post.php?id=9574

Jarate is "jar-based karate," i.e. using jars filled with pee for fighting. This comes from the fact that Sniper, being a sniper, waits around for targets in the same spot for extended periods of time and has nowhere else to pee:

- http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/Jarate
- http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/File:Peejar.jpg
- http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/File:07_comic_large.jpg

Commit message:

Valve: Add "relationship with Valve" section
Add a few sentences about my relationship and experience with Valve and the fact that I'm a gamer (and therefore a customer).

valve/email-sniper.md, after:

Dear Valve,

I'm writing to apply for the position of *Senior Software Engineer—Web Applications*. I don't want to take up much of your time, but here's an interesting message sent by someone I believe you are familiar with before his *untimely*... accident. Right, accident.

> Dear [REDACTED],
>
> I'm breaking my normal rules of discretion to warn you about Nizar Khalife Iglesias. Some say he's just a ghost, but he's bloody real alright. Trust me, mate, this man is good and you don't want to mess with him. You haven't seen the things he can do with a keyboard, an Internet connection and a standard issue wire hanger. I've seen him code for days on end, waiting patiently for hours — even days — for the perfect time to deploy his handywork. His Jarate skills are most impressive. Lucky for me he's not in the assassination business or I would be out a job right quick or worse...
>
> Did you hear that? I think it was him. Prank mailer! PRANK MAILER!
>
> —Sniper

Anyway, I do browser, server and command-line progamming in `JavaScript`/`node.js` (my favorite), `PHP` and `Python`. I've been writing software professionally to varying degrees for 7 years, of which the last 3 have been particularly intensive. Here are some links where you can find out more about who I am and what I do:

LINKS

I'm also a gamer and have been a fan of Valve since I bought the Orange Box for PC way back in 2007. For me, Valve's success has not just been about the quality games you have put out, but also the excellent *systems* you have built to surround and support yours and other games (systems I hope to contribute to in the near future). You guys are awesome!

All that said, please hire me!


### Notes for reviewers ###

Sniper is a character in Team Fortress 2:

- http://www.teamfortress.com/classes.php?class=sniper
- http://www.teamfortress.com/post.php?id=9574

Jarate is "jar-based karate," i.e. using jars filled with pee for fighting. This comes from the fact that Sniper, being a sniper, waits around for targets in the same spot for extended periods of time and has nowhere else to pee:

- http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/Jarate
- http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/File:Peejar.jpg
- http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/File:07_comic_large.jpg
